Presumptuous, you know who my husband is
He is the Dragon King
Dragon King
There he is.
Who is his wife?
My scum ex
predecessor
How dare you impersonate me?
I hate others more than I can lie
Excuse me.
Late Zhou Shou
When did you become Jackie Chan?
You don't know yet
In the Dragon King Palace just now
The Zhou family is favored by the Dragon King
Not only does the commercial agency of the Dragon King Palace
To the Zhou family
And let my husband inherit the throne of the Dragon King
Wait until next saturday
We're going to the Dragon King Palace to get married
Oh, it turned out to be the son of the Zhou family.
low key
Husband, look who that is
Fan Ruoli
The man next to him is his fiance.
It's a fortune teller.
Since Fan Ruoli broke up with me
Keep holding a veil on your face
Keep other men away
So many years
You haven't come out yet, have you?
Now you want to marry such a thing
So we can get to know each other
Let me introduce you to a few
Look at the gate at the entrance of the Dragon King Palace
It's a perfect match for your first Valkyrie of Great Xia
How can it be better than this fortune teller?
Hahahaha
You seem to despise fortune-telling.
But your fate and luck
It's all in my hands
Yes, since my wife is here
I'll calculate it for you for free.